issue #762 - added documentation about re-using the environment state (#1808)
roboll/helmfile: docs/writing-helmfile.md

        repository: "nginx"
        tag: "latest"
```

## Re-using environment state in sub-helmfiles

Do you want to decouple the environment state loading from the sub-helmfiles and load it only once?

This example shows how to do this:

```yaml
environments:
  stage:
    values:
    - env/stage.yaml
  prod:
    values:
    - env/prod.yaml
---

helmfiles:
- path: releases/myrelease/helmfile.yaml
  values:
  - {{ toYaml .Values | nindent 4 }}

>   # add other values sources if want to use overlay logic here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # pass the current state values to the sub-helmfile
  # add other values to use overlay logic here
```

```

and `releases/myrelease/helmfile.yaml` is as DRY as

```yaml
releases:
- name: mychart-{{ .Values.myrelease.myname }}

>   installed: {{ .Values | get "myrelease.enabled" false }}
> 
>   chart: mychart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  installed: {{ .Values | get "myrelease.enabled" false }}
  chart: mychart
```

  version: {{ .Values.myrelease.version }}
  labels:
    chart: mychart

>   values:
>     - values.yaml.gotmpl
>     # values templates would also inheret the values passed from upstream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  values:
  - values.yaml.gotmpl
  # templated values would also inherit the values passed from upstream
```
